Move `intl` formatter here (#78)
yiisoft/translator: README.md

The package could be installed with composer:

```shell
composer require yiisoft/translator
```

### Additional packages

> There are two types of additional packages. Message source provide support of various message storage formats such as

Reviewer: After changing headings' structure, this part needs to be adjusted as well. Because message formatters are now built-in and no longer in additional packages.

Author: Message formatters can be in other packages.

PHP arrays or GNU gettext. Message formatters provide extra syntax that is recognized in translated messages.

#### Message sources

* [translator-message-php](https://github.com/yiisoft/translator-message-php) - PHP file message storage.
* [translator-message-db](https://github.com/yiisoft/translator-message-db) - Database message storage.
* [translator-message-gettext](https://github.com/yiisoft/translator-message-gettext) - gettext message storage.

## Built-in message formatters

> - [Simple formatter](docs/en/simple-formatter.md) replace parameters in messages only. Does not take into account the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Simple formatter](docs/en/simple-formatter.md) just replaces parameters in messages. Does not take into account the 
```
